Draft (july 23nd, 2012)

## Glossary and Use Cases

A **Good** represents an item that is going to be sold. It doesn't know
about __quantities__, __price__ or __cost__, but a concept about a product.

**Balance** (GoodBalance model) represent the entries of a Good lots in
the inventory. For example, the Lot 1 has x items, unitary cost y and price
p. Lot 2 is going to have completely different characterists, but both are
related to a common Good.

**Inventory** is the sum of Goods a company has.

Even if a Good has no entry (zero Balance), the concept of Good still exist.
In this case, the Good won't show up for sale on the main store page.

Regarding **Characteristics**, a certain Good's Lot may vary in terms of color,
size and other, but never in price. If a red t-shirt has a price of 10 and
a blue 12, then they're not the same Good.

These characteristics are represented in terms of **SKU**, a number
created by the store owners. A blue t-shirt may have SKU 1210, where 12 means
t-shirt and 10 is the color. The same t-shirt, but red, will have a SKU 1211,
12 meaning t-shirt and 11 the red color. It's important to note that these
numbers are customized by the store owner, not generated by the system.

## Selling Goods

When talking about sales, we have to consider taxes. Taxes are based on
profit, which can involve complex calculations.

Take this example. T-shirt X Good was created and the first Lot has the
following attributes:

    Lot 1: Cost: $10, Price: $15, Quantity: 50 units

After 40 sales, when remaining 10 units in stock, a new Lot of the T-shirt X
is bought (an entry in the stock), resulting in the following Balance:

    Lot 1: Cost: $10, Price: $15, Quantity: 10 units
    Lot 2: Cost: $5, Price: $12, Quantity: 75 units

Which price should appear on the store page for sale, $15 or $12?

In certain countries, FIFO (First In, First Out) is used. So the price would
be $15 and sales would occur until there are no more items of the Lot 1
in stock. Then Lot 2 would begin being sold.

In other countries, LIFO (Last In, First Out) is used. So the price would
be $12 until there are no more items of the Lot 2 in stock. Then, Lot 1 with
price $15 would start being sold.

In Brazil, Average Moving Cost is mostly used. This means that both Lot 1
and 2 are merged, resulting in the item being sold having an average cost.
For example,

    ($10 * 10 (cost times quantity, Lot 1) + $5 * 75 (Lot 2)) / 85

now, the cost is considered 5,58 and there's no distinction between both Lots.

These three strategies must be available in the app. Initially, we're going
to support FIFO, later building support for the others.
